CAREFULLY READ THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  DOWNLOADING,
INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE IN ANY WAY, INDICATES YOUR
AGREEMENT TO BE UNCONDITIONALLY BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE
THE SOFTWARE.

Border Router SOFTWARE LICENSE

This Software License Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into by the
Licensee and Silicon Laboratories Inc., located at 400 W. Cesar Chavez, Austin,
TX  78701 and Silicon Laboratories International Pte Ltd., located at No. 6
Serangoon North Avenue 5, #06-01, Singapore 554910 (collectively "Silicon
Labs"). Silicon Labs is willing to grant Licensee a license to use this Software
only upon Licensee's acceptance of the terms and conditions set forth below.

1. DEFINITIONS

1.1. "Licensed Materials" means Silicon Labs Software which is Border Router
software for permitting the connection of one communication network to another
communication network.

1.3. "Licensee" means the individual or, in the case of an individual working on
behalf of his or her employer, the employer of the individual who accepts the
terms of this Software License by downloading and installing the Silicon Labs
Software.  Use of the Silicon Labs Software constitutes an acceptance of the
term of this Agreement.

1.4. "Licensee Product" means an application using the Licensed Materials
developed by Licensee, or for Licensee by a third party, and which incorporates
one or more Silicon Labs integrated circuits to provide a product sold or leased
by Licensee under Licensee's tradename.

1.5. "Silicon Labs Software" means the software program downloaded by Licensee
and any Updates, Upgrades or New Versions of each of these programs. Silicon
Labs Software includes source code of Web Server software and source code of
border router application software, and all related algorithms therein.

1.6  "Open Source Software" means, without limitation, a software license that
requires as a condition of use, modification, and/or distribution of such
software that such software or other software incorporated into, derived from or
distributed with such software be (a) disclosed or distributed in source code
form; (b) be licensed for the purpose of making derivative works; or (c) be
redistributable at no charge.

1.7. "Unauthorized Use" means any use of the Silicon Labs Software and/or
Derivative Works in violation of Section 2.

1.8. "Update" means a new release of Silicon Labs Software that provides
additional functionality.

1.9. "Upgrade" means a bug fix, workaround, or patch to correct any reproducible
error in Silicon Labs Software.


2. LICENSES GRANTED

2.1. Scope of License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Silicon Labs hereby grants to Licensee a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-
transferable (except as provided in Section 8.7 (Assignment)), worldwide,
royalty-free, license to the Licensed Materials solely to download, store and
execute the Licensed Materials on one or more computers owned and controlled by
Licensee for use only by Licensee.

2.2. Modifications to the source code of the Silicon Labs Software are permitted
for use by Licensee to compile into binary executables to be used solely in
Licensee end products having a Silicon Labs Thread product.  Licensee shall own
only its modifications to the source code of the Silicon Labs Software subject
to the underlying Silicon Labs rights in the original source code.  No Licensee
modifications may contain, use or incorporate any portion of any Open Source
Software or free software.  Violation of this license restriction is a material
breach of this Agreement.

2.3. Licensee may distribute and otherwise transfer the Silicon Labs Software to
any third party, in whole or in part, but for use solely in Licensee end
products having a Silicon Labs Thread product.

2.4. Licensee shall not sublicense, sell, assign, rent, lease or use any portion
of the Silicon Labs Software.

2.5. For all Silicon Labs Software provided in object code form only, Licensee
shall not reverse engineer, reverse compile/decompile, modify, dissemble,
translate, or make any attempt (or encourage any third party to attempt) to
discover the source code of any portion of the Silicon Labs Software provided as
object code.

2.6. Unauthorized Use.  Licensee shall be responsible for any Unauthorized Uses
by Licensee's contract manufacturer, and any Unauthorized Use by such contract
manufacturer, with or without the knowledge of Licensee, shall be attributed to
Licensee.

2.7. No Other Licenses. The licenses granted under this Agreement are
specifically set forth herein, and no licenses are granted by Silicon Labs to
Licensee by implication or estoppel, and no licenses shall be granted by the
parties' course of doing business.

2.8. License Fee and Royalties.  Licensee is not obligated to pay any license
fees or royalties to Silicon Labs so long as Licensee complies with the terms of
the licenses set forth herein.


3. OWNERSHIP OF LICENSED MATERIALS

3.1. Ownership.  Silicon Labs retains all title and ownership of all proprietary
rights, including but not limited to any and all intellectual property and moral
rights, to the Licensed Materials. Nothing set out in this Agreement shall be
construed to constitute a sale of the title, ownership or proprietary rights
with respect to the Licensed Materials. Except as expressly set forth herein, no
license to any intellectual property is granted. Licensee shall not file any
patents related to its use of, or improvements to, the Licensed Materials.  If
Licensee has filed or in the future files any patents that would have the effect
of causing the Licensed Materials to infringe such patents, Licensee shall grant
to Silicon Labs an unlimited, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual
license to use the covered invention for any purpose.

3.2. Proprietary Rights Notices. Licensee agrees that it will not remove, alter
or otherwise obscure any proprietary rights notices appearing in the Silicon
Labs Materials.

3.3. U.S. Government Restricted Rights Legend. All Silicon Labs technical data
and computer software is commercial in nature and developed solely at private
expense.  Software is delivered as Commercial Computer Software as defined in
DFARS 252.227-7014 (June 1995) or as a commercial item as defined in FAR
2.101(a) and as such is provided with only such rights as are provided in
Silicon Labs' standard commercial license for such software.  Technical data is
provided with limited rights only as provided in DFARS 252.227-7015 (Nov. 1995)
or FAR 52.227-14 (June 1987), whichever is applicable. Licensee will: (a)
identify and license the software developed by Licensee hereunder in all
proposals and agreements with the United States Government or any contractor
therefor; and (b) legend or mark such software provided pursuant to any
agreement with the United States Government or any contractor therefor in a form
sufficient to obtain for Silicon Labs and its suppliers the protection intended
by this Section 9.3 (U.S. Government Restricted Rights Legend). Licensee agrees
not to remove or deface any portion of any legend on any software or
documentation delivered to it under this Agreement.


4. LIMITED WARRANTY AND LIMITED LIABILITY

4.1. Limited Warranty. THE SILICON LABS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS".  SILICON
LABS MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, AS TO ANY MATTER
WHATSOEVER. IN PARTICULAR, ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED.  Silicon Labs
disclaims all responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of the Silicon Labs
Software and does not warrant that it will meet the user's requirements, be
uninterrupted or error-free, or that any defect in the software will be
corrected.  Licensee assumes the entire risk arising out of use or performance
of the Silicon Labs Software provided herewith.

4.2. Limited Liability.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SILICON LABS HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO
LICENSEE OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR FOR LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, OR OTHER
FINANCIAL LOSS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS
OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE),
STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT IS
DEEMED TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SILICON LABS'
TOTAL LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY LICENSEE TO
SILICON LABS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

4.3. Licensee Product Warranty. Licensee shall be solely responsible for
customer warranties of any and all products manufactured by Licensee pursuant to
this Agreement.

4.4. Regulatory Compliance.  Silicon Labs does not warrant that Silicon Labs
Software or any Licensee Product will comply with the regulatory requirements of
the United States or any other country.  Licensee is solely responsible for
complying with such requirements and for obtaining necessary government
certifications, if any.

5. CONFIDENTIALITY

5.1. "Confidential Information" means that information of either party
("Disclosing Party") which is disclosed to the other party ("Receiving Party")
pursuant to this Agreement, in written form and marked "Confidential,"
"Proprietary" or similar designation, or if disclosed orally, the Disclosing
Party shall indicate that such information is confidential at the time of
disclosure and send a written summary of such information to the Receiving Party
within thirty (30) days of disclosure and mark such summary "Confidential."
Confidential Information shall include, but not be limited to, trade secrets,
know-how, inventions, techniques, processes, algorithms, software programs,
schematics, designs, contracts, customer lists, financial information, product
plans, sales and marketing plans, business information and the terms of this
Agreement.  References to a Receiving Party or a Disclosing Party shall also
include all present and future subsidiary and parent companies of such party,
subject to the restrictions contained in this Agreement.

5.2. Confidential Information. Each party acknowledges that in the course of the
performance of this Agreement, it may obtain the Confidential Information of the
other party.  The Receiving Party shall, at all times, both during the term of
this Agreement and thereafter for a period of five (5) years keep in confidence
and trust all of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information received by it
(except for any source code, which shall be kept in confidence and trust in
perpetuity).  The Receiving Party shall not use the Confidential Information of
the Disclosing Party other than as expressly permitted under the terms of this
Agreement.  The Receiving Party shall take reasonable steps to prevent
unauthorized disclosure or use of the Disclosing Party's Confidential
Information and to prevent it from falling into the public domain or into the
possession of unauthorized persons.  The Receiving Party shall not disclose
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to any person or entity other
than its officers, employees, contractors, and consultants who need access to
such Confidential Information in order to effect the intent of this Agreement
and who have entered into confidentiality agreements which protect the
Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party sufficient to enable the
Receiving Party to comply with this Agreement.  The Receiving Party shall
immediately give notice to the Disclosing Party of any unauthorized use or
disclosure of Disclosing Party's Confidential Information. The Receiving Party
agrees to assist the Disclosing Party to remedy such unauthorized use or
disclosure of its Confidential Information.

5.3. Exceptions to Confidential Information. The confidentiality obligations set
forth in this Agreement shall not apply to information which is: (a) now or
hereafter, through no unauthorized act or failure to act on the Receiving
Party's part, in the public domain; (b) known to the Receiving Party without an
obligation of confidentiality at the time the Receiving Party receives the same
from the Disclosing Party, as evidenced by written records; (c) hereafter
furnished to the Receiving Party by a third party as a matter of right and
without restriction on disclosure; or (d) independently developed by the
Receiving Party without use of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information.
Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the Receiving Party from disclosing
Confidential Information to the extent the Receiving Party is legally compelled
to do so by any governmental investigative or judicial agency pursuant to
proceedings over which such agency has jurisdiction; provided, however, that
prior to any such disclosure, the Receiving Party shall: (i) assert the
confidential nature of the Confidential Information to the agency; (ii)
immediately notify the Disclosing Party in writing of the agency's order or
request to disclose; and (iii) cooperate fully with the Disclosing Party in
protecting against any such disclosure and/or obtaining a protective order
narrowing the scope of the compelled disclosure and protecting its
confidentiality.

6. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW

6.1. Laws Generally. Licensee agrees to comply with all applicable laws, rules,
and regulations in connection with its activities under this Agreement.

6.2. Export Regulations. Neither party shall export, directly or indirectly, any
technical data or software acquired under this Agreement or the direct product
of any such technical data or software to any country for which the United
States Government or any agency thereof, at the time of export, requires an
export license or other government approval, without first obtaining such
license or approval. With respect to any export transactions under this
Agreement, both parties will cooperate in any reasonable manner to effect
compliance with all applicable export regulations.

7. TERM AND TERMINATION

7.1. Term. This Agreement and the licenses granted herein shall be perpetual,
unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms.

7.2. Right to Terminate. Either party shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement if the other party is in material breach of any term or condition of
this Agreement and fails to remedy such breach within thirty (30) days after
receipt of written notice of such breach given by the non-breaching party.
Silicon Labs also has the right to terminate this license immediately if it has
a reasonable apprehension that the Licensed Materials or their use may (a)
infringe upon the intellectual property of another; (b) subject Licensee or
Silicon Labs to potential liability or damages, (c) violate any law or
regulation; or (d) Licensee, or someone on Licensee's behalf, has filed or
intends to file a lawsuit or claim against Silicon Labs.

7.3. Effect of Termination.  Upon the termination or expiration of this
Agreement: (a) the licenses and other provisions of this Agreement shall be
terminated; (b) Licensee shall immediately cease reproducing and using any
Licensed Materials; and (c) Licensee shall, within fifteen (15) days of receipt
of a written request by Silicon Labs to do so, return to Silicon Labs or destroy
all full or partial copies, in whatever media, of any and all Licensed Materials
in Licensee's possession and Licensee shall warrant in writing to Silicon Labs
within thirty (30) days after termination or expiration that all such materials
have been returned or destroyed. If this Agreement is terminated for any reason
other than Licensee's uncured material breach of its terms, the licenses granted
hereunder shall be revoked and all use of the Licensed Materials shall cease
upon the effective date of termination.

7.4. Survival.  Neither the termination nor expiration of this Agreement shall
relieve either party from its obligations to pay the other any sums accrued
hereunder. The parties agree that their respective rights, obligations and
duties under Sections 2.6 (Unauthorized Uses), Article 3 (Ownership), Section
4.2 (Limited Liability), Articles 5 (Confidentiality), 6 (Compliance with Law),
7 (Term and Termination), and 8 (Miscellaneous), as well as any rights,
obligations and duties which by their nature extend beyond the termination or
expiration of this Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration of this
Agreement.

7.5. No Damages For Termination or Expiration. SILICON LABS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE
TO LICENSEE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, ON ACCOUNT OF THE TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT IN
ACCORDANCE WITH ITS TERMS. LICENSEE WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO RECEIVE ANY
COMPENSATION OR REPARATIONS ON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER
THE LAW OF ANY TERRITORY OR OTHERWISE. Silicon Labs will not be liable to
Licensee on account of termination or expiration of this Agreement for
reimbursement or damages for the loss of goodwill, prospective profits or
anticipated income, or on account of any expenditures, investments, leases or
commitments made by Licensee or for any other reason whatsoever based upon or
growing out of such termination or expiration. Licensee acknowledges that: (i)
Licensee has no expectation and has received no assurances that any investment
by Licensee in the promotion of Licensee Products will be recovered or recouped
or that Licensee will obtain any anticipated amount of profits by virtue of this
Agreement; and (ii) Licensee will not have or acquire by virtue of this
Agreement or otherwise any vested, proprietary or other right in the Silicon
Labs Trademarks or in "goodwill" thereunder.

8. MISCELLANEOUS

8.1. Amendment; Waiver. This Agreement may be amended or supplemented only by a
written statement that is signed by duly authorized representatives of both
parties. No term or provision hereof will be considered waived by either party,
and no breach excused by either party, unless such waiver or consent is in
writing signed on behalf of the party against whom the waiver is asserted.  No
consent by either party to, or waiver of, a breach by either party, whether
express or implied, will constitute a consent to, waiver of, or excuse of any
other, different, or subsequent breach by either party.

8.2. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or
unenforceable for any reason, the remainder of the provision shall be amended to
achieve as closely as possible the economic effect of the original term and all
other provision shall continue in full force and effect.

8.3. Governing Law and Language. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed under the laws of the United States and the State of Texas as applied
to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within Texas between
Texas residents. The parties agree that the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is specifically excluded from
application to this Agreement. The English-language version of this Agreement
controls when interpreting this Agreement.  THE PARTIES AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR
RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL IN ACTIONS ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT.

8.4. Choice of Forum. The parties hereby submit to the jurisdiction of, and
waive any venue objections against, the United States District Court for the
Western District of Texas, Austin Division and the Superior and Municipal Courts
of the State of Texas, Travis County, in any litigation arising out of the
Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not be deemed or
construed to restrict, in any manner, a parties ability to submit patent matters
to the U.S. International Trade Commission for resolution.

8.5. Injunctive Relief. The copying, disclosure, or use of the Silicon Labs
Software in a manner inconsistent with any provision of this Agreement or the
improper use of the Silicon Labs Trademarks may cause irreparable injury to
Silicon Labs for which Silicon Labs may not have an adequate remedy at law.
Silicon Labs may be entitled to equitable relief in court, including but not
limited to temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent
injunctions.

8.6. Attorneys' Fees. In any action to enforce this Agreement, the prevailing
party shall be awarded all court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred,
including such costs and attorneys' fees incurred in enforcing and collecting
any judgment.

8.7. Assignment. Silicon Labs may assign this Agreement without restriction,
provided the assignee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement. Licensee may not assign any rights or duties under this Agreement or
assign this Agreement in its entirety, whether by operation of law or otherwise,
without the prior written consent of Silicon Labs and any attempt to do so
without such consent will be void, except pursuant to a merger, acquisition,
sale or all assets of Licensee or other corporate reorganization with or into a
company who agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement.  This
Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns.

8.8. Allocation of Risk. The sections on limitation of liability, warranties and
disclaimer of warranties allocate the risks in the Agreement between the
parties. This allocation is an essential element of the basis of the bargain
between the parties.

8.9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior or
simultaneous representations, discussions, negotiations, and agreements, whether
written or oral.

8.10. Silicon Labs Trademarks.  Silicon Labs and Silicon Labs logo are
trademarks of Silicon Laboratories Inc. in the United States and/or other
countries.

8.11. Silicon Labs.  If Licensee is located in the United States, the licensor
is Silicon Laboratories Inc.  If Licensee is located outside of the United
States, the licensor is Silicon Laboratories International Pte. Ltd.

Copyright Silicon Laboratories Inc. 2015.  All Rights Reserved.

Software License Version 1.1

